Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Why are you doing
Mayan bitch work, ese?
I don’t recognize
your bullshit MC.
We know you’re
patching over
the Calaveras.
Cutting and bagging heroin,
piping it to Stockton.
We can guarantee
safe passage.
Our brothers in Lodi
are more capable.
Clay: We’re trying
to make peace here.
Okay.
Jimmy would kill me
if he knew I was here.
I love my daughter,
and I love you, Fi.
I just want to
take care of my family.
I just got an e-mail
from the Belfast V.P.
Cameron’s in Ireland.
Bobby:
Then where’s Abel?
Tell me you have my son.
Sorry, I don’t, Jackson.
Every word you’ve spit
about my kid has been wrong.
Well, maybe you’ll
believe a brother.
Jax, Liam O’Neill.
What are you doing
with Jimmy?
Saw the Real Provost
scoop up Cammy
outside the depot.
Had no baby with him.
That’s for real.
Gemma, it’s Maureen Ashby.
Abel’s in Belfast.
This is from Stahl,
isn’t it?
Do not get in bed
with this bitch.
You need to trust me,
and this has to be our secret.
Get down!
[men shouting]
Sheriffs raided the clubhouse,
looking for illegal scrips.
This isn’t my fault.
I know.
It’s mine.
I’m done.
How far along are you?
Six weeks.
No one knows.
Can you give me a lift?
Oh, I have to pee.
Tara.
He’s not in there.
Where is he?
He didn’t come home
last night.
Not sure.
[faucet running]
[faucet turns off]
Morning.
You okay?
Get out.
Tara, I’m sorry.
Should I go
talk to her?
What you should do
is get that porn bitch
out of our clubhouse.
This is not my fault.
No, but if you didn’t
eat pussy for a living,
you might have
a different set of friends.
Little more coffee?
Dude.
What?
Caffeine’s a mood booster.
That was awkward.
What the hell is your problem?
Couldn’t help yourself,
could you?
You doing okay?
I guess.
Considering.
I just wanted
to let you know
that I’ll be handling
your transport
to County this afternoon.
You request that?
Feds asked us to cover.
What happened with
that raid yesterday?
I told Clay,
sheriffs initiated.
We didn’t find out
until it was happening.
You’re a bad liar,
Wayne.
You not working with us,
I get that.
You got a lot of eyes
on you right now.
But you letting us
get hurt?
That’s bad.
That’s how you lose friends.
I’d hate to see you lost.
Busy morning for you.
Little bit.
Ima– That’s kind of
a dick move.
Yep.
You want to tell me
what’s going on?
Nope.
Well...
I hope you wrapped your shit.
That was a high-traffic zone
you were ripping
through last night.
Hindsight.
If a dick move could’ve
pushed Donna away,
would you have done it?
When I first went inside,
I pushed Donna for a divorce.
Told her the marriage
was a joke, she should just
take the kids and split.
She knew what I was doing.
She hung in.
Think it’s going take
more than a little porn pussy
to scare away Tara.
And your porn pussy,
it scaring you away?
I don’t know.
We’re at the table.
All right.
Come on,
let’s go find my kid.
Figure out what
we’re doing with our
dicks when we get back.
Oswald’s cargo plane
unloads in Manchester.
He’s got a guy
who can get us all the way
up to Stranraer.
From there,
we ferry to Belfast.
Sam Bel’s supposed
to pick us up at the port.
I got a call in to McGee.
We still don’t know
if O’Neill can be trusted.
Well, I’ll press McGee
for that truth,
but either way
we got no choice.
We need that charter.
Tig: Okay, boys, now,
we’re traveling with
bond restrictions, right?
No rockers.
Our reapers are out
there on the bar.
Bobby:
And travel light.
If it don’t
fit on your back,
don’t bring it.
Tig: Right.
Boys.
You reach out to Fiona?
Yeah.
Finally got through.
That bastard O’Phelan’s
had her and my Kerrianne
under lockdown.
She have any idea
why Jimmy lied about Abel?
Sorry, but she’s not sure.
She only knows
that Jimmy plans to push
against Kellan Ashby,
something to do
with Belfast SOA.
Kellan Ashby?
The priest?
Yeah.
Father Kellan Ashby.
The real IRA consigliore.
Piney:
Kellan doesn’t call
any shots,
but no shots get called
without his two cents.
Well, whatever it is,
Jimmy doesn’t want us
in Ireland.
He finds out we’re there,
we could be up
against IRA heat.
Yeah, well, that’s a risk
we’re gonna have to take.
Still waiting for details,
but it looks like SAMCRO
is planning a visit.
I’ll put things in motion.
You got to keep me
in the loop, Jimmy.
Whatever goes down,
the crew can’t know
information came from us.
That’s a risk
I’ve got to take.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Hey. You okay?
Gemma:
Yeah.
We talked to Oswald.
We’re all set.
We leave this afternoon.
We’re gonna find Abel, Mom.
I promise you.
I know.
I’m gonna miss
so much of his life.
Oh, God, Jackson...
I don’t want
to go to jail.
I’m sorry.
So sorry.
Mom, listen to me.
Listen to me.
I’m gonna protect you.
You’re not going to jail.
Okay?
Yeah.
I don’t know what
you’re doing with Stahl,
but I do know
what happens to you
if the club finds out.
I got it covered.
You don’t have to
worry about me, Mom.
I always worry about you.
What’s going on?
I just want to be
with my family.
I know, baby.
I know.
I’m sorry.
It’s all these
goddamn meds.
Look. You need me
to do anything?
Yeah, we need
to let Maureen Ashby
know we’re coming.
I think she’s
our best shot
at finding Abel.
You want me to reach out?
Yeah.
Maybe you can push her
for more information.
You know, mom to mom.
Okay.
I got the number.
Yeah.
Your ride to County
happens at 4:00.
We’ll come back
to say good-bye.
I love you, Mom.
Yo.
T.O. called.
The Bastards need help.
What happened?
We couldn’t–
couldn’t tell.
He was crying
too hard, man.
Oh, shit.
Let’s go. Come on.
[dog barking]
Where is he?
Kitchen.
Jesus Christ.
Clay:
Sorry, brother.
What happened?
I found him like this.
Bullets killed him.
Knife was a message.
From who?
It’s buried in his skull.
Calaveras.
Yeah.
Had to be Salazar.
Anybody else see this?
No. Baby mama’s
got his kids.
Bobby:
911?
Didn’t call, man.
The things we’re gonna do
to the Mexicans,
best no one puts
motive on us.
Retaliation’s tricky, T.
The deal we made
with the Mayans?
It’s barely a day old.
Alvarez still
has a connection
to the Calaveras.
And we have to vet
all things Mexican before
we do anything else.
And if Alvarez says no? Huh?
What then?
This is because
we backed up Sam Crow.
Come on, man.
We got to bring Alvarez
into the loop
or he’s gonna think
we crossed him.
Race and rally
in the barrio today.
Mayans are sponsoring.
I’m guessing
those wetback skulls
are gonna be there.
Give Alvarez a call.
Tell him we’re coming down.
Bastards are going.
Take two guys, T.
All right?
We’re going for intel,
not for battle.
Race!
[crowd cheering]
[Spanish hip hop song plays]
I love a good fiesta.
You do realize that
pretty much
every Latina you bone
ends up dead, right?
Hey, this comes with a price.
And nobody’s
buying today, Tig.
I heard what happened.
We had no knowledge.
T.O.:
Had to be Salazar.
- Maybe.
- Maybe? Maybe?
Are you serious?
I don’t care how bad
you’re hurting.
You need to
focus your rage.
Sorry.
I knew Lander
since I was four.
I get it, man.
I didn’t patch
these puppets over,
but they still
serve a purpose.
Jax:
Then don’t make this
about the Calaveras.
Like you said,
had to be Salazar.
He’s gone rogue.
Clay: Strip him
of his patch, man.
Put somebody else in charge.
[music continues]
Take a piss.
Sure.
Back me up.
Somebody killed a member
of the Grim Bastards
this morning.
Knife into his skull.
Not too subtle.
[gun hammer cocks]
Who did it?
I don’t know, man.
Bullshit.
These assholes?
They killed Pozo.
Let me tell you
how this works.
I kill you,
or you tell me which one
of your lieutenants
was responsible.
What do you care
if we offed some fat
nigger bitch, huh?
Hey, go to hell, man!
Go to hell!
Now, if he don’t care, I do.
Now, a body is
gonna hit the floor
in the next minute.
It’s either going to be you
or one of your brown buddies.
Sorry, ese.
He killed the fat man.
Whoa, whoa.
[speaking Spanish]
Edgar: That’s some
bitch-ass shit!
[Edgar shouting
in Spanish]
Hey, hey, hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
I wasn’t there, all right?
I swear to God!
Take off the cut, ese.
What are you doing, man?
Take it off.
Take it off, bitch.
Salazar: Hey!
I’m gonna
kill you for that.
You’ve just been
appointed president.
Hopefully you’ll
do a better job keeping
your guys in line.
Yeah.
I’ll make sure of it.
We good?
Yeah.
A few of us
are heading out of town
for a week or so.
You need anything,
you call Sam Crow.
We’ll be fine.
Thank you.
It’s all proper now, T.O.
Hector!
Sorry, Papi.
[keypad beeping]
[phone ringing]
Hello? Ashby’s.
Gemma:
Maureen?
Aye.
It’s Gemma Teller.
Can you talk?
Hold on.
[phone beeps on]
I’m here.
Clay asked me to call.
Let you know Sam Crow
is on their way.
Be there tomorrow,
late afternoon.
Okay.
Do you know
where my grandson is?
No.
But I know who does.
I’ll do whatever
I can to help you.
Okay.
My son?
He knows nothing
about John and Belfast.
Nor does my Triny.
Who’s Triny?
Trinity, my daughter.
What does she
have to do with John?
Jesus Christ.
You don’t know, do you?
My God.
Oh, my...
[vomiting]
[knock on door]
Yup.
[knocking continues]
Coming.
Who is it?
Mo, it’s Fiona.
Need some help.
One of Jimmy’s.
Scuffle with N.I. Police.
Cocktail blew up in his face.
Wouldn’t let him
go to the hospital.
Oh, Jesus Christ,
he’s a baby.
Bring him upstairs.
I shouldn’t be here.
I’ll get McGee.
Jimmy’ll know
I’m gone by now.
He’ll come looking for us.
He’ll kill me for this, Mo.
Aye.
Stash the car in the mill lot.
There are some
American lads coming over.
They’ll be here soon.
They will deal with Jimmy.
You believe that?
I have to.
Now go.
[door opens]
You okay?
Nausea?
Might be the meds.
It’s not the meds.
Dr. Gallagher has
cleared you to leave.
Great.
We’ll make sure you continue
to get your medication.
I’m sorry, Gemma.
I know how hard
this is for you.
Well, at least I have
a new grandson on the way.
What?
I don’t think Jax is
ready for another baby.
What the hell are
you talking about?
I walked in on him and
that porn slut this morning.
He’s been trying
to push me away.
It worked.
We’re done.
He blames himself
for everything that
happened to Abel.
Can’t handle the thought
that something bad
might happen to you, too.
He’s lost, baby.
You have to be the constant.
Ride it out.
I’m not as strong as you.
He wouldn’t be doing this
if he knew you were pregnant.
He can’t know.
What happens with
this baby is my decision.
I’m serious, Gemma.
No one can know.
Secret babies are a bad idea.
Please.
You want my silence?
I need a favor.
Burns we can deal with,
but the eye–
think it’s gone.
Jesus.
[sighs]
His older brother was
tasked with watching us.
He let us go so
we could help him.
Lad fought us all the way here,
didn’t want to disobey Jimmy.
Painkillers will keep
him quiet for a bit.
I need to get some compresses
back at the clubhouse.
Go.
Aye.
Where’s Triny?
Oh, she’s away with Cherry
delivering supplies to my ma.
Be back tomorrow.
How is she?
Like that.
[door opens]
Aye.
[motorcycle engines revving]
[door closes]
Hey, darling.
Father.
Oh, Kell.
[Buddy gasping and moaning]
What in the name
of Christ has happened?
Sharing a grievance
with the police service.
Fiona:
Jimmy has ’em all
convinced that folks
are just fat Irish sheep
moving with the loyal herd.
They think every
act of violence is
their republic duty.
[sighs]
Why don’t you go
and wash up, Fi?
Take a change of clothes.
Take that, feel better.
- Aye.
- Go on.
I talked to Gemma Teller.
Charming lads
are on their way.
They’ll be here soon.
Kellan:
Good.
Clean the boy up.
Let him go back to Jimmy.
’Cause we can’t stop him.
What about Fi and Kerrianne?
Kellan:
They’re coming with me.
I can keep them safe
in the rectory.
Jimmy will come
looking for them.
I know.
You don’t have to leave yet.
We’re heading out tonight.
I just came by to pack a bag.
[sighs]
I’m sorry about this morning.
It’s what you wanted.
I didn’t want for
you to get hurt.
Yes, you did.
You think I am responsible
for what happened to Abel.
You hate me,
and you just can’t say it.
Your mother thinks this
is about protecting me.
Jax:
I am protecting you.
From what?
Donna...
Abel, Sack.
Take your pick.
You are so full of shit.
You and I both know that
nothing’s gonna happen to me.
This is just about you
needing a reason
to feel good
about bailing.
Well, guess what?
The prince doesn’t
always get his way.
[engine starting]
Luisa:
Must be his old lady.
Salazar:
Yeah.
Now we know where to find her.
[door opening]
Do you have a moment?
Yeah.
I need your help
with Dr. Knowles.
Say what you got to say.
You exert a strong
influence over Tara.
She needs encouragement
to make the right decisions
about her future.
And what decisions are those?
Her relationship
with the club.
With my son?
You have no idea who we are.
All you got is an impression
corrupted by
the opinions of others.
I didn’t come here
to talk about you.
Attack my son,
you make it about me.
I’m not attacking anyone.
I just think someone
needs to intervene.
Jax and Tara have loved each
other since they were 16.
Problems they have
are their own.
We don’t get to interfere.
I suggest you go...
before you end up
with a matching eye.
[bird squeaks]
Anything happens to this bird,
Gemma will stuff you
in this cage,
make you wear a beak
and shit on newspaper.
That sounds fair.
Got to be on
the road by 4:30.
Stockton cargo.
This gets us
in the employee gate.
Follow the signs
to Oswald’s hangar.
Jet loads from there.
We’re gonna take the truck,
go say good-bye to Gemma.
I’m going with.
Meet you at the plane.
Make sure these
shitheads aren’t late.
They won’t be.
[bird squeaking]
Hey.
You guys ready to go?
Yeah.
Look...
I’m sorry about earlier.
I was pissed off.
I didn’t mean
to take it out on you.
I know.
I have... I have something
I have to tell you.
What’s going on?
Well, you know how much
I love you.
How sad I’d be if anything
ever happened to you.
Baby, I’m gonna be okay.
We’re gonna go find Abel.
We’ll be back in a week.
Bob’s gonna help you out
with the kids.
I love you.
I love you, too.
[spasmodic gasping]
Jesus, Gemma!
What the hell happened?
Move it, move it.
Fever spiked to 107.
Maybe a reaction
to the new meds.
We’re putting her
into an ice bed
before she strokes out.
Woman:
It’s ready.
Let’s go, guys.
Keep me posted.
Let’s get her in.
One, two, three.
Man: Easy. Easy.
Go get Dr. Gallagher.
Uh, he’s in surgery.
Then page his partner.
Man: Get the gurney out.
Oh, shit.
Can you go tell Dr. Namid
I’m gonna be late for
the omphalocele assist?
I’ll be okay.
A little privacy, please?
Sure.
Sorry.
[door closes]
It’s clear.
[exhales loudly]
Oh, oh, shit, that’s cold!
[gasping breaths]
You calling Jax?
Nope, you are.
[buzzing]
[phone ringing]
Hey.
It’s Mom.
You at the hospital?
Yeah.
You okay?
Just listen.
Meet me outside
the service entrance.
I’ll be there in a few minutes.
What?
Just go.
Now.
[Gemma hangs up]
Clay:
What’s the problem?
My mother.
Come on.
Okay, I, uh, packed
enough meds for a few weeks,
but if you’re there longer,
you’re gonna have
to find a way to fill
the prescription.
Yeah, I will.
This elevator takes you down
to the service level.
The key card will get you
out the back door.
There’s some cash
in my pocket–
it’s not much– and...
my car’s in the service lot
if you need it.
I’m not sure the Feds
are gonna believe
I did this at gunpoint.
You may as well have.
And I’ll keep my promise.
No one’ll know
about that baby.
It’s my decision, Gemma.
What I suggest...
is you wait
till Jax gets back.
Look into Abel’s eyes
before you do anything.
[beep over P.A. system]
Security, code seven,
therapy wing.
I better go.
Security, code seven,
therapy wing.
[elevator bell dings]
I’ll be back in a week.
Yeah.
[bell dings]
Where’s Gemma Teller?
Uh, I-I don’t know.
She pulled a gun on me,
took my key card.
You expect me
to believe that?
I don’t really care.
[buzzing]
You’re committing a crime.
Do you understand that?
That Irishman...
that killed the prospect...
he kidnapped Jax’s son.
It wasn’t in the papers.
The cops, the FBI,
they don’t give a shit.
It’s all on Jax and
the club to find him,
and Gemma wasn’t going
to jail till
she knew that baby was safe.
You know, maybe there was
nothing I could have done
to stop him from taking Abel,
I don’t know,
but helping Gemma was my way
of making up for it.
And...
I’ll deny all of it.
And if the cops
don’t believe the lie,
then I guess
I’ll suffer the consequences.
Thank you.
For what?
I know you’re trying
to help me.
Wait.
Oh!
What the hell
are you doing?
They’ll never believe Gemma
didn’t slug you.
Let’s go.
Mom, what the hell
are you doing?
I’m coming with you.
You made a deal
with the Feds!
I don’t give a shit!
Those cuffs’ll be waiting
for me when I get back.
Clay:
Baby, listen to me.
Don’t even bother
trying, boys. Trust me,
I’ve been there.
I’m going.
Unser:
I guess your fever broke.
Some folks
looking for you.
Tell ’em I’ll be back soon.
Sorry, Gemma.
You come with me now,
I’ll tell ’em
you turned yourself in,
had a change of heart.
No one gets in trouble
for aiding and abetting.
And if she says no?
Sorry.
There ain’t no options here.
[hammer cocks]
- Not...
- Oh, my God.
...the way
I want to do this.
You gonna shoot me, Wayne?
Traitor.
Take the Cutlass.
[engine starts]
[dials]
[sirens wailing in distance]
Come on, come on, Unser
must’ve called this in.
We are not gonna make it
out of Charming.
They’re looking for the truck.
You guys take the Cutlass
and go to the plane.
No.
We need you with us, bro.
You need your mom more.
Now, just backtrack
through town.
I’ll lead ’em up the 18.
Tig: Go.
Shit.
Come on.
Tig:
Clay, you be safe.
Jax, get your boy!
♪ 737 comin’ out of the sky ♪
♪ Won’t you take me
down To Memphis ♪
♪ On the midnight ride,
I wanna move... ♪
I tried to go after her,
but she must’ve used
the key card to get out.
I saw Dr. Knowles
trying to pursue her.
Figured it was more important
to tend to her wound
than do your job.
♪ Come on, come on,
won’t you get me
to my room? ♪
♪ I wanna move,
playin’ in a travelin’ band ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
[siren wailing]
Stay with me, little piggies.
Come on, stay with me,
P-I-G-G-I-E-S.
♪ Listen to the radio
talkin’ ’bout the last show ♪
♪ Someone got excited, had
to call the state militia ♪
♪ Wanna move,
playin’ in a travelin’ band ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Well, I’m flyin’
across the land ♪
♪ Tryin’ to get a hand ♪
♪ Playin’ in
a travelin’ band ♪
♪ Oh, yeah... ♪
Cutting it close.
Sorry.
We had to give someone a ride.
Not my idea.
Where’s Tig?
Halfway to Modesto.
[phone ringing]
Hey.
Why am I not surprised?
McGee.
It’s about time.
You get my message?
Aye.
Yeah, sorry, brother.
It’s just been
a busy day around here.
But I’ve made all
the arrangements for you
and your boys– got you loaners
and, uh, put you up
at the flophouse
just off the alley.
It ain’t California pretty,
but it’s got a bed
and a shitter.
Good enough.
We’re about to board.
Right.
Well, give us a call
when you arrive in Stranraer.
We’ll meet you at the boat.
Appreciate that.
Listen, I need to ask you
a delicate question.
Well, I’m a very delicate man.
O’Neill–
We got concerns that
maybe he’s backing up
some of Jimmy’s lies.
You think maybe
his Catholic loyalties
are outweighing his, uh,
commitment to the MC?
Liam’s been a brother
for nearly ten years.
I trust him.
There’s no worries.
He’s not in bed with Jimmy.
Good.
’Cause whatever
Jimmy’s agenda is,
he can’t know we’re coming.
That intel
puts us in danger.
Aye, well, you got my word.
[vehicle approaching]
Aye.
Belfast is set.
Anything on Fiona?
She and the girl are
with the priest.
Course they are.
Did you get ahold of Clay?
Aye.
SAMCRO is on their way.
Be in tomorrow afternoon.
Good.
We’re ready for ’em.
They won’t be here long.
Keep us whole, brother.
Will do.
♪ Playin’ in
a travelin’ band ♪
♪ Take me to the hotel ♪
♪ Baggage gone, oh, well,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Won’t you get me
to my room? ♪
♪ I wanna move ♪
♪ Playin’ in
a travelin’ band, yeah ♪
♪ Well, I’m flyin’
across the land ♪
♪ Tryin’ to get a hand ♪
♪ Playin’ in
a travelin’ band ♪
♪ Yeah, I’m flyin’
across the land ♪
♪ Tryin’ to get a hand ♪
♪ Playin’ in a
travelin’ band... ♪